README.md, before:

# Description

This is repository with code for quick testing of image processing neural networks (from 🇷🇺 🇯🇵 🇰🇷 🇧🇷 🇲🇽)

See `conf.yaml` for list of all tested networks

In `docker` folder there is source files for docker images

Raw results are in `results` folder by default, table data at `index.html`

Approximate time to reproduce experiment: ~ 1h 30 min (with CPU-only)

# Flow

Just check `conf.yaml`, run `./rmbgtst` and enjoy

# Models tested

```
Total :  21
basnet (carvekit)
birefnet-cod (rembg)
birefnet-dis (rembg)
birefnet-general-lite (rembg)
birefnet-hrsod (rembg)
birefnet-massive (rembg)
deeplabv3 (carvekit)
dis_seg (ailia)
gfm (ailia)
inspyrenet (trbg)
irefnet-general (rembg)
isnet-general-use (rembg)
modnet (ailia)
rembg (ailia)
sam (rembg)
silueta (rembg)
tracer_b7 (carvekit)
u2net (ailia, bgremover, carvekit, rembg)
u2net-human-seg (ailia)
u2net-portrait-matting (ailia)
u2netp (bgremover, rembg)
```

# TODO

Add more neural networks:

```
vitmatte, https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/vitmatte
BiRefNet, https://github.com/ZhengPeng7/BiRefNet
RMBG-1.4, https://huggingface.co/briaai/RMBG-1.4 (+ RMBG-2.0)
PaddleSeg, https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg
```

Commit message:

Fixed index.html (lazyloading), added README.md

README.md, after:

```
$ ./rmbgtst --help
usage: rmbgtst [-h] [-d] [-v] [-t] [-p] [-i INPUT] [-o OUTPUT]

Script to test quality and perfomance of popular neural networks for background removal

options:
  -h, --help           show this help message and exit
  -d, --dryrun         Just print all run commands line-by-line
  -v, --verbose        Be more verbose in output
  -t, --test           Test on only one result
  -p, --publish        Just merge and publish results (generate index.html)
  -i, --input INPUT    TBD. Input folder or file. Overrides "samples_folder" conf.yaml value
  -o, --output OUTPUT  TBD. Output folder or file. Overrides "results_folder" conf.yaml value
```

# Description

This is repository with code for quick testing of image processing neural networks (from 🇷🇺 🇯🇵 🇰🇷 🇧🇷 🇲🇽)

See `conf.yaml` for list of all tested networks

In `docker` folder there is source files for docker images

Raw results are in `results` folder by default, table data at `index.html`

Approximate time to reproduce experiment: ~ 1h 30 min (with CPU-only)

# Flow

Just check `conf.yaml`, run `./rmbgtst` and enjoy

# Models tested

```
Total :  21
basnet (carvekit)
birefnet-cod (rembg)
birefnet-dis (rembg)
birefnet-general-lite (rembg)
birefnet-hrsod (rembg)
birefnet-massive (rembg)
deeplabv3 (carvekit)
dis_seg (ailia)
gfm (ailia)
inspyrenet (trbg)
irefnet-general (rembg)
isnet-general-use (rembg)
modnet (ailia)
rembg (ailia)
sam (rembg)
silueta (rembg)
tracer_b7 (carvekit)
u2net (ailia, bgremover, carvekit, rembg)
u2net-human-seg (ailia)
u2net-portrait-matting (ailia)
u2netp (bgremover, rembg)
```

# TODO

Add more neural networks:

```
vitmatte, https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/vitmatte
BiRefNet, https://github.com/ZhengPeng7/BiRefNet
RMBG-1.4, https://huggingface.co/briaai/RMBG-1.4 (+ RMBG-2.0)
PaddleSeg, https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg
```
